---
layout: default
title: Welcome
---
RingyDingyDingy is a lightweight app for Android devices (phones and tablets)
that lets you make your device ring, even if it's on silent or vibrate only,
remotely lock it, and more. You can also use the pager functionality to let
your friends and family send you urgent messages that will make your device
ring whether or not it's on silent or vibrate only.

RingyDingyDingy primarily is activated by sending specially formatted text
messages to your phone, but you can also activate it through Google Voice if
you have Google's official Google Voice app installed on your device, which
lets RingyDingyDingy work on tablets as well as phones.

The specially formatted text messages consist of `rdd`, followed by your unique
activation code, followed by the command you wish to run. For example, if your
activation code is `459753` to make your device ring, you text `rdd 459753 ring`
to it.

If you lose your phone and don't want your sensitive data to fall into the
wrong hands, you can also lock your device remotely with the `lock` command.
Please note, however, that remote locking requires Android 2.2 (Froyo), because
previous versions of Android don't have any way for apps to lock your device.
Additionally, remote locking is **not** enabled by default, because it requires
you to confirm an extra "Device Administrator" permission. If you want to use
remote locking, please make sure to go to RingyDingyDingy's Settings and turn
it on once RingyDingyDingy is installed.

If you encounter any bugs with RingyDingyDingy, please [file an issue on
GitHub](https://github.com/dririan/ringydingydingy/issues) (but please first
check to see if the issue has already been reported) as we can't reply to
reviews left on Google Play, and so we won't be able to help fix the problem!
If you don't have a GitHub account, you can also e-mail us at
ringydingy**...**@dririan.com (replace **...** with **dingy**; this is an
anti-spam measure).

